At 60% less fat
and 20% less price,
the only thing Kolb Family's
Family Pack Ham Packs
don't have less of is flavor.
Ham, girl!
Family Pack Ham
Packs from Kolb Family Farms,
the family that's pleased
to "meat" you.
Ham, girl!
You don't know his name,
but you know what he says
and you love how he says it.
Ham, girl!
So, who is the man
who started it all?
Ben Chang, and we have him
here with us today.
You are the "ham, girl!" guy.
Yes, I am the "ham, girl" guy.
How did this happen?
Well, I just kept auditioning,
you know, kept working hard.
And now, Spielberg is calling.
Not...
You know, I don't go by phone calls.
I go by contracts.
But Spielberg is
interested in you
for The Color Blue
in the new Play-Doh movie.
Is that right?
Well, maybe, you know, maybe,
but like I always say, you know,
life is a roller coaster.
You were a teacher at a
community college in Colorado.
Did you just,
one day in class, say,
"Class dismissed.
I'm headed to Hollywood"?
I mean, how did your
students react to that?
Well, you know, I haven't
spoken to them really.
I... there's not much
for me back there.
No friends?
Uh, you know,
I was kind of a loner.
People, you know,
made fun of me for it,
but, you know,
I just kept my head down
and stayed focused on my work.
Well, they're not making
fun of you now, are they?
No, they are not.
Can I get a "ham, girl"?
Ham, girl!
You know, I don't know
if that was a good one.
And there it is,
ladies and gentlemen.
From community college to
something a little bit better.
Turn it off. Ben Chang
is on a rocketship
to eternal validation.
Turn it off.
Thanks so much for...
Well, it's been three weeks.
I'm having his car towed.
♪ Give me some rope
Tie me to dream
♪ Give me the hope
to run out of steam
♪ Somebody said it can be here
♪ We could be roped up,
tied up, dead in a year
♪ I can't count the reasons
I should stay
♪ One by one they all
just fade away ♪
Here you go.
To Chang.
May your success be brief
and your colds last months.
Jeff.
Hey, you get out of Greendale
or you get me in your corner.
You don't get both.
Ham, girl. Mmm.
Who would've predicted
Chang becoming famous?
Technically, I did, remember?
- Only I thought it would be for...
- Eating someone.
Yeah.
You think that Spielberg
stuff is really happening?
How could that happen?
That would mean
the world was insane.
Ham, girl.
Not to be crass, but there
is an upside to this,
financially.
Chang's absence lowers
our insurance premiums 6%.
There's nothing
but upsides to him leaving.
I think we all just feel
a little short-changed.
We invested so much in him
when no one else would.
Because we all assumed
he was so insane
he would die
if we kicked him out.
And this whole time,
it turns out
we were holding him back.
We thought he was bedrock,
but it turns out
he was the ceiling
of a cavern filled with us.
I've already forgotten his name.
Did you ever really
know his name?
The Chinese fellow, right?
Whose name was
some kind of noise?
Um, Clang? Blang? Meringue?
Looks like I'm the only one
that's not glad he's gone.
At least I can finally clear
some space on my hard drive.
Oh, Leonard's been in there
for a while,
but I can stand guard if you
want to use the women's room.
No, I mean, I was shooting
a movie with Chang
before he booked
"ham, girl." Oh.
I haven't heard from since, so I
assume the footage is useless.
Did he sign a release form?
Sure.
I make all my actors sign
releases before we do anything.
You never know
who is going to...
The school owns a movie
starring the "ham, girl" guy.
Soon to be Spielberg's
"ham, girl" guy.
There's no way
to finish it though.
Okay, Abed, what have I
told you about quitting?
That it's sometimes
the only way to survive.
Well...
Don't forget I said "sometimes."
Yolanda, the mayor's up my ass.
I want justice. Get him in here!
Is that right?
Should I be angry?
The film's hero
is Police Justice.
I had a real-life former cop
help me with the dialog.
I'm gonna punch you
in the heart!
Real-life former cops
aren't great with dialog.
I don't think police
should be heroes.
Britta, pay your rent.
Sorry, Abed. Okay,
I need more information.
You know, what's my motivation?
Am I married?
I need more to go on.
- Can we get lunch?
- Okay, cut.
That's about all we got. Chang
found out the McRib was back
and we lost the rest of the day.
Great actor, huge McRib problem.
Everybody,
this is my friend
I told you about, Maury.
He's a genuine Hollywood
film producer
whose doctor ordered him
to live in Colorado
due to a medical condition.
Tell them what you told me.
Yeah, my blood nitrogen
levels are through the roof.
Most of the time, I ca...
Oh, no, no, the other thing.
Oh, right.
If you can cut together
an 81 minute movie
that arguably stars
the "ham, girl" guy,
I can guarantee distribution
and a fast turnaround deal.
People do it all the time
with old footage
from recently famous actors.
Have you seen Vin Diesel
in 1996's Happy Pants?
No. Yeah, I have.
Well, neither has Vin Diesel,
but his roommate from film
school saw 500 grand.
But I can't just
burn up my cop drama.
It's my only chance at the
mainstream success I need
before I'm allowed to make
weird stuff for money.
It's my American Graffiti,
my Alpha Man,
my Four Rooms,
the Robert Rodriguez segment.
Well, why does it have to be
a police movie?
People don't even like
police now.
They like dinosaurs,
they like aliens,
and anything else that Chris
Pratt can join forces with.
I have three minutes of
footage, and he's clearly
a police chief
behind a desk in New York.
Is he? Or is it Space York?
Or is it a dinosaur desk?
How do I know? Just add some CG.
That's what they do
with Chris Pratt.
They put him in a regular scene
and then they add some gagoos.
I have a few CG models
of some gagoos.
I got fired
from a mouthwash commercial,
but I successfully
won back the rights
to my gingivitis monster.
Also, I don't know if it helps,
but when I moved into my RV,
I found this.
Now, you notice
anything strange?
There's no green 3 in billiards.
Now, there's a green 6
and a green 14,
but never a green 3.
So, what sport is this from?
And why was it in my RV?
Anyway, I can do some CG
for the movie.
You'll need a Chris Pratt type.
I'll do it if I have to.
I can slouch.
I can't believe you guys
are the ones pitching me this
and I can't believe
I'm saying no.
You're not saying no.
I mean, legally
I can't force you,
but I can do
a morning announcement
that'll make everyone
hate you forever.
Technically, Abed, you would
be robbing the school
for $1/2 million
by not making this movie.
But what movie?
Have you not been listening?
The movie about
the "ham, girl" guy
in his space office
fighting some gagoos
led by a Chris Pratt type
played by Jeffery
without his shirt.
It shoots this weekend.
Yeah.
Okay, but I get final cut
and it has to be a good movie.
Agreed, but you have to
finish that cut by Monday,
even if it's bad.
I agree to that,
but it has to be good
by my standards.
Absolutely, and also,
if it's terrible,
nobody will notice or care.
And you guys are all
gonna help me?
And we're gonna
make a good movie?
Definitely, or a bad one.
Probably a bad one.
I think we're all
on the same page.
I guess so.
So, let's crap out
this piece of crap.
That attitude concerns me.
I need more information.
What's my motivation?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I need more to go on.
My name is Chief-Starr!
And I'm in the stars!
And I'm the hero.
I deserve better.
You're a very gifted pilot,
Chief Starr.
I'm the Mayor of Outer Space.
Why are we changing course?
The Mayor's up my ass!
Father, I love him!
What in the space?
Yooba dooba dooba!
We're under attack!
By whom, GlipGlop?
Okay, cut.
Why are we cutting?
Well, that felt good to me.
Moving on?
Just a couple adjustments.
You get two.
You guys need to move
when the ship gets hit.
It looks weird
when you stand still,
and, Britta, it sounds weird
when you use good grammar.
My character
can't have good grammar?
Not in a space battle.
Because everything else we're
saying sounds really natural,
like I'm a space senator.
Space Mayor.
I'm matching your dialog
to what I have from Chang.
What are my lines?
You don't have any lines.
You're the backup Chang.
But we have Chang's footage.
This shot from that angle
matches the back
of Chang's shot.
Chang is Chief Starr.
He's the pilot of a spaceship.
Britta,
you're Princess Meridian.
Brittana.
Okay. Jeff is her father,
the Mayor of Space,
and you guys are under attack.
Action.
What in the space?
Yooba dooba dooba!
We're under attack!
Okay, cut. Where you
guys seeing GlipGlop?
You said GlipGlop
was a tennis ball.
But Garrett's not GlipGlop?
If I was GlipGlop,
why would I be holding
a tennis ball on a stick?
Why am I wearing a blouse?
It's sci-fi. It doesn't matter.
Please don't say that.
I know you don't mean that.
The tennis ball is GlipGlop
and please stumble
in the same direction.
Go! Action! Bang!
What in space?
Gooba Gooba Gooba!
We're under attack!
Who by? Who attack? Me princess.
The Sporborfians!
Okay.
I'm ready. Are you ready?
Are we rolling?
We're rolling-a!
Get to the escape pods.
For real?
You picked that outfit?
Britta! I...
It's Meridian. Keep going.
Insane. And what is your name,
Exploitia? Scorpio Nine.
I'm a pleasure droid.
No. I'm an assassin?
You're both. Keep going.
She was a pleasure droid.
She got turned into an assassin.
She's my other daughter.
That's your sister.
Get to the escape pods!
And then we go! This way.
Check on Chief Starr, Jeff.
Chief Starr? What?
I'll see you in hell.
What?
Mayor, your ass is grass!
Okay, cut.
There are some things
that we could...
Okay, moving on, people!
Okay, moving on!
Next shot...
Space station faculty lounge.
- Thank you.
- Abed,
we need to move
a little faster, I think.
Can I just explain something
as a filmmaker?
I wish you wouldn't.
I wish you would look
at what I was wearing
and let that be
all the explanation you need
about where our standards
should be.
But do you understand that
sci-fi films aren't usually
improvised over a weekend
with a cast and crew
that doesn't care?
We care about finishing,
and this has to be finished
by Monday,
so you back into a level
of quality from there.
Let me use a metaphor
I can understand.
Every day, I work out.
Really? Yes,
because I'm not an artist
like you,
but this is a kind of canvas.
I work on it with equipment,
but I will never really be done.
Could be if you wanted.
I mean, you're fine...
This will never be done.
Chris Pratt's never
gonna stop, is he?
He'll always be out there
mocking me.
So I can never stop, just
like you'll never stop
making movies.
But I don't stay on one
treadmill my entire life
staring at commercials for
movies with Chris Pratt.
I take my work into the world.
I "premier" it.
I share with the public.
Don't stay in the gym, Abed.
Get this session done,
get out there,
and get your shirt off. Got it?
Yes?
Yes.
I'm ready. Let's do this.
I understand you're looking
for your friend.
Yeah. I'm Minotaur Man.
What?
Friends are hard to come by
in space.
You'd better take this...
For protection.
The sound you hear coming
from that gun I gave you
is 40,000 hyper watts of laser.
Oh, don't...
Don't worry about that.
I can put that back.
Sometimes my eye falls off
because I'm a robot.
- Ahh!
- Watch out!
Ahh!
How about this bar?
Everyone here is so accustomed
to violence.
I need... I need to know...
Where your friends are? Yeah.
I'm sorry, but you're
not gonna like this.
Your friends have been
taken prisoner by Master...
Master... Dracula.
Wild West, baby, space
version of the Wild West.
Cut.
Okay.
My eye fell off.
But I covered.
Perfect, moving on. Hallway!
Yes!
Ooh, take that!
A yooba dooba!
This is crazy.
Here, let me do this.
What are you doing?
You make everything harder for
all women when you do that.
I'm improvising!
Improvise pockets!
Pay your rent or shut up!
Laser bomb!
Yooba dooba dooba!
GlipGlop like!
Yooba dooba dooba.
So the robot
also says "Yooba dooba"?
I'm not complaining.
It's just that everyone
who's not a person
is saying "Yooba dooba."
Maybe it's because I'm a spy!
He's a spy!
I'm an evil spy!
Shoot GlipGlop! He's a spy!
Ahh!
GlipGlop's a spy?
We went with it.
Okay. Shot. Shot.
Okay, now that...
Now that's he's dead,
and there's one robot left,
let's go through the thing!
Go.
Yooba dooba dooba.
Whoa! Ahh!
Argh.
Space garbage.
Look!
Oh, we're gonna get crushed.
Ahh!
And is there a monster?
Ahh.
But so what?
We're gonna get crushed.
Uh... I love you?
I love you.
That's your daughter.
You're my daughter.
Yeah, you said
we were sisters, dumb-ass.
That's hot.
It's like "Chinatown" in space.
Oh.
And I'm the hero?
Yay!
Let's do this.
Yeah! They're saved!
I feel the Force.
What?
I don't feel the Force.
I'm not allowed to.
What do I feel?
I feel Dracula Force.
I feel Dracula signals.
Your ass is mine!
That last stunt you pulled
put six of my best guys
in the hospital, maniac.
I'm more than a maniac.
I'm Dracula.
Jesus Chr... Jesus Christ!
Oh, my God! Jesus
Christ, they shot him!
Who am I?
What's my motivation?
Why am I doing or saying
anything I'm saying or doing?
I need more...
I need more
than what I'm getting.
- Oh! It's incredible!
- Oh.
It's incredible!
Congratulations!
Oh, how long is it?
Uh, 87 minutes.
Get it to 8-1. That means 81.
I'll make some calls,
we'll premier this thing,
and we'll get your school
a check.
Whoa!
So, which six minutes
should we cut?
Hoo. Uh...
Jeff's death scene
probably, right?
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Mine? Yeah, in the space dungeon?
There's no Chang in that.
How long is Jeff's death scene?
Yeah, how long is it? We're
really zeroing in on it.
Do you think I'm frightened?
These chains were forged
from the iron of Ganymede.
I'm not gonna tell you
where he is.
I'd rather die.
Mmm, seems pretty important,
he doesn't give up Chang.
I mean, otherwise the last thing he
says to him is, "I'll see you in hell."
Uh...
It's not really
a movie about him.
Yeah. Well, what about
your steel drum solo?
Oh. Oh, I don't think
we should lose that.
Well, what about
the weird wedding ritual
on GlipGlop's planet, huh?
Um, okay,
let's not throw out the
baby with the bathwater.
We're not cutting
a frame of GlipGlop.
I mean, that's like cutting
cowboy out of "Midnight Cowboy."
Jeff's death scene is
6 minutes, 30 seconds.
Oh, perfect.
There you go. That's it.
Okay, cool. Easy enough.
Um, should we,
before we finish editing,
should we get those hornets
out of the garbage?
The swarming hornets?
Oh!
Is that serious?
Is he doing a bit?
That's a long bit.
Oh, he's serious.
I mean, let's face it.
It's pretty obvious
when he's acting.
Oh...
Let's do this.
Yo, yo, yo. Howdy.
Welcome to Kyle Beiderman's
editing tutorials.
I'm Kyle Beiderman.
Yeah, that Kyle Beiderman.
Leave me alone, Abed.
Once I watch this tutorial
on how editing works,
I'm gonna save this movie
without removing its soul.
Step one, how to correctly
label your files.
No, no, who cares
about labeling files?
Teach me to edit.
What the hell was that?
You stay away.
This is my movie too!
It's not even a movie, Jeff.
It's a piece of crap.
That doesn't mean
it can't be good.
It's basically
exactly what it means.
You stay away, Abed.
I'm not kidding.
I'm huge and I have
zero blood sugar.
I will kill you
in these Frisbees
and nobody will ever find you!
Okay, so now let's get familiar
with the user interface.
No! Just teach me to edit!
Bazinga!
Ahh!
Ahh! I'm going to kill you!
You're killing me! I told you!
No, I mean you're
literally killing me.
For real? Yes.
Are you nuts?
What is wrong with you?
Every single one of you is gonna
leave here except for me.
Troy, Shirley,
Annie's gonna be president.
Even Pierce got to die.
If Chang goes to Hollywood,
so we force you to make the
crappiest movie of all time,
and then we force you
to make it even crappier
and we watch it and it's
still not even that bad.
And the part I accidentally
got the most excited about
is the seven minutes we can cut.
Do you know what that means?
It means I'm a genius,
but we already knew that.
I finally know in my heart
that I will literally be
the last one of us here.
And I know they gave digital
muscles to Chris Pratt
in Guardians of The Galaxy.
I watched Parks and Rec.
I watched it.
Hmm. There's no scientific
explanation for how...
Jeff.
You helped me learn something
about filmmaking today
that I think we all need
to apply to life.
It's okay to plan some stuff
and it's okay
to figure out what we did wrong,
but our plans are
randomly gonna fall apart
and our lessons
are randomly gonna be wrong,
and if we just keep the cameras
rolling and shoot a lot of crap,
eventually, Annie is going
to reach down her shirt
and pull out a laser bomb.
I didn't write that.
We didn't plan that.
God made that happen.
God made this movie.
And it's dumb.
And we're dumb for being in it.
Life is a big, dumb, pointless
movie with no story
and an abrupt ending where the
hero gets shot by Dracula
in the middle of a lunch
order during an outtake,
but somewhere in there,
every once in a while...
Annie reaches down her shirt.
So we keep the cameras rolling.
And we edit out the parts
we don't like,
and we stop thinking
about Chris Pratt so much
because it is not healthy.
Will you do me a favor?
I never tell anybody about
our private conversations.
I wouldn't really know how.
Let's cut my stupid scene
out of this piece of crap.
But then won't we need
to add 30 seconds?
I have an idea about that.
Who am I?
What's my motivation?
Why am I doing or saying
anything I'm saying or doing?
I need more...
I need more than
what I'm getting.
Hello, Chief Starr.
I told you I'd see you in hell.
And look who else is here.
Yooba dooba dooba!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Oh, great job, you guys,
on the new ending.
I like that the guy
actually saw him in hell.
Right?
Whoa, whoa. Hold on, phone call,
from the distributor.
Get ready for a big check.
Yellow?
Wait. Calm down.
What's Chapter 11?
Wait, what's YouTube?
Wait, what's broadband?
What's digital?
I don't have a good
feeling about that call.
I don't have a good feeling
about Chang staying bankable.
Did you guys see this new story?
I'll never look
at a hot air balloon
in the same way again
or James Franco's ball.
I'll tell you what I do have
a good feeling about.
- Bring it in.
- Aww.
Come here, guys. Aww.
- Do to thing.
- Dooba. Dooba. Dooba.
Dooba. Dooba. Dooba.
All right,
one more for safety, Ben.
What do you mean,
"One more for safety"?
I just don't know if we got
the line, "Hold on, Slinky."
Let's move on.
I think, can we get one more?
You got it. Come on.
Hold on, Slinky! Let's go.
I think it was fine, but
Steven's kind of a stickler.
Tell Steven Spielberg
to lick my butt.
Well, he's right here, so...
Hey, Steven... Spielberg.
Can you give us a sec?
Yes.
Ben? Yup?
So, I guess
we're good for today.
Great job. You were right.
We got everything we need,
and there's a small door
in the back.
Back of the booth there,
that will take you,
you know, outside,
and we'll talk soon.
I don't go the way I came?
You do not.
There's a little door
back there.
And it goes right on out.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Okay, Randall, are you ready?
Yup.
Which brings us to the issue
of our cosmetology department,
who, once again,
find themselves...
Who, once again,
find themselves nearing
the end of the semester
without any free haircut
volunteers.
That may be due to last
semester's lice scare.
Totally. Yep.
Maybe if we put up a sign,
"Guaranteed: No lice."
Something like that.
That would open you up
to lawsuits.
Son, we live in a world that
has walls, and those walls
have to be guarded
by men with hair clippers.
Pink Floyd. Ugh.
You're the worst.
What? Oh, she is the worst.
Terrible. ELROY: I can't
believe she said that.
Have you seen any movies?
Any one movie?
- Unrelated thought.
- We're all enjoying...
Britta's the worst!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org